2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?
3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A doctor told the boy, "This injection won't hurt a bit." That's an M.D. promise.
Advice to ice skaters: You can't always tell a brook by its cover.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A friend got some vinegar in his ear, now he suffers from pickled hearing.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
After all is said and done, usually more is said than done.
A guru hops around often; he's known as the Kan Guru.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
A hermit was arrested after driving a hundred miles an hour; the charge was recluse driving.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
All computers wait at the same speed.
A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.
A man who keeps stealing mopeds was an obvious cycle-path.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.
An elephant is a mouse built to Mil-spec.
An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.
A new wagon designed for LA rush hour traffic is called the Stationary wagon.
An uncle died, left several hundred clocks to a niece, she's busy winding up the estate.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A prospector marched into an assayer's office and planted two huge nuggets on the counter. "Well, don't just stand there, assay something!"
Archaeologists take sedimental journeys.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Astronauts are out to launch.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers, it's platonic.
A year spent in Artificial Intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..
Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Chemistry professors never die, they just smell that way!
Chicken feed is what most of our nest eggs have turned into.
Clones are people two.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
COBOL programmers are down in the dumps.
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Computers Unite! You have nothing to lose but your operators.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.
Confucius say too damn much!
Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.
Crime wouldn't pay, if the government ran it.
Dain bramaged.
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.
Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.
Department of Redundancy Department
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Don't be so open-minded your brains will fall out.
Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.
Don't sweat it - it's only ones and zeros.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do witches run spell checkers?
Editing is a rewording activity.
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Epigrams are macros, since they are executed at read time.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
Gargling twice daily is a good way to see if your neck leaks.
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Gravity brings me down.
Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
I asked my dog what's his favorite type of music. He said, "Anything with a good beat, especially the ones I find on the carpet."
I asked the librarian if the library had any books on deja vu. She said, "I feel like I've answered this before."
I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you."
I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you," but I couldn't turn the page fast enough.
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
If it works, Don't fix it.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
If we can't fix it - its broken!
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you knew what Mona Lisa knew, you'd smile too.
If your computer speaks English it was probably made in Japan.
If your feet smell and your nose runs - you're built upside down.
I'm an influential person - gravitationally speaking.
I'm friends with all electricians. We have such a positive current relationship.
I'm friends with all electricians. We have such a positive current relationship, full of sparks.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already, and I can't find my phone.
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's so uplifting; I can't put it down.
I'm writing a book on anti-gravity. It's a real up-and-down journey.
In a fight between you and the world, back the world.
Individualists unite!
Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y. But I know xactly what to do about it.
I told my computer a joke, and now it has a virus. I guess laughter is contagious.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me ads for stress balls.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me job listings for vacation planners.
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me vacation ads.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. Now she's hugging the remote control.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. Now she's hugging the wrong guy at the airport.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. Now she looks perpetually surprised, like she just saw a magic trick.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
I used to be a baker because I kneaded dough.
I used to be a baker because I kneaded dough. Now I'm a comedian because I need the dough, and the bread.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough. Now I'm a banker; I make even less dough.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough. Now I'm a gardener, and my business is blooming.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands and fingers.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my nose. It's a real snout-standing performance.
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Klein bottle for rent - inquire within.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Look out for #1. Don't step in #2 either.
Love thy neighbor, but make sure her husband is away first!
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Marriage is one of the chief causes of divorce.
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy!
Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money is the root of all wealth.
Mrs. Ghandi is in a sari state.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with your fist.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn!
Never put off 'til tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
Old bakers never die, they just quit making dough.
Old frogs never die, but they do croak!
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
On all lasergrams: Don't forget the Zap code.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
Parallel lines have so much in common. Too bad they'll never understand the depth of their relationship.
Part-time musicians are semiconductors.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
Polymer physicists are into chains.
Preventing baldness is simple. Just knot your hair from the inside.
Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
Prolonged contact with computers turns mathematicians into clerks and vice versa.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Psychiatrists stay on your mind.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Reality does not exist - yet.
Remember, the paper is always strongest at the perforations.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Small programs are for small minds.
Smile! It makes people wonder what you've been up to.
Smile! Things can only get worse.
Streakers repent! Your end is in sight. How can you
Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded muddle.
Take an astronaut to launch.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
The best things in life are for a fee.
The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The name is Baud......, James Baud.
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
There is no such thing as a "Fail Safe" design.
There's no future in time travel.
The shortest distance between two points is usually under construction.
Things worth having are worth cheating for.
Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
To be born rich is an accident; to die rich is a miracle.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.
Two boy silkworms pursued a luscious girl silkworm. They ended up in a tie.
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Two cheerleaders ended up married, they met by chants.
Two is company, three is an orgy.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
What did one wall say to the other wall? "I'll meet you at the corner."
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What's a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
What's a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange, freshly squeezed from their victims.
When you're up to your hips in alligators, you forget the original project was to drain the swamp.
Where there's a will, there's an inheritance tax.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
Who is the smallest man mentioned in the New Testament? Peter. (He slept on his watch)
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired of standing up.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems, and its life was in disarray.
Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What's the Latin for office automation?
Why did the scarecrow become a successful motivational speaker? Because he was outstanding in his field of dreams.
Why did the scarecrow become a successful therapist? Because he was outstanding at helping people face their issues.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything, even excuses for their behavior.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts, and it would be a bone-chilling experience.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Winning isn't everything, but then losing is nothing.
Win or lose, you lose.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.